So the World Cup begins this week.   Well, not exactly, but put it this way: we will have, by later in the week, a pretty good idea of the Springbok team coach Peter de Villiers believes is the one to retain for the Rugby World Cup, starting next month.   The ridiculously extended Super Rugby season – just a thought, but why couldn’t extending the tournament have waited one more year until the World Cup was over? – took such a toll on South African players that they had to rest.   I hear what people like former All Blacks captain Sean Fitzpatrick say. Taking a “B team” to Australia and New Zealand handed those countries a huge psychological advantage on the eve of the World Cup, in Fitzpatrick’s view.   Frankly, I doubt that. It’s “Fitzy” trying to play mind games with the Boks, that’s all.   If the Springboks meet the All Blacks in the World Cup semifinal, will the New Zealanders approach the game thinking “this one will be a stroll in the park, boys. We beat their B team so we’re sure to beat this lot, too.”   Will the Wallabies, at their Umhlanga base this morning, be thinking, “our win against this lot in Sydney means that Saturday will be just as simple”?   The Australians will get a reminder on Saturday what a full-strength South African side is like. They’d better put out of their minds pretty quickly any memories of Sydney 17 days ago.   For me, the Springboks’ management got it right leaving their best players at home. Peter de Villiers isn’t going to be judged on this year’s Tri-Nations, but the World Cup. It made sense to save his senior men another long, arduous visit to Australasia.   But what that decision has done is shorten the time left to the Boks to sharpen their act. They have to hit the ground running in Durban on Saturday.   And this week is decision time for the coach regarding his first-choice team.   With only two games left before the South Africans depart for New Zealand, the time for experimenting is surely over. Given that the strongest possible South African team have not played together once since last year, the Boks surely need the next two games to hone combinations, allow the players to re-familiarise themselves with others and re-forge that understanding which will be so important in the World Cup campaign to come.   If the Bok management share this view, and it’s hard to see how they can differ, then the Wallabies are about to feel the force of the real Springbok machine.   One thing’s for sure – it has to be a whole lot different to Sydney.