Ajax Cape Town coach Maarten Stekelenburg has admitted that strategy will be a challenge in the two legs of the MTN8 semi-finals that are set to take place next weekend. Ajax – who annihilated SuperSport United 5-2 in the quarterfinals of the R8 Million cup – were on Monday drawn to play Kaizer Chiefs who are regarded as cup specialists and have won this competition a record 14 times. This was Stekelenburg's first game in charge of the young Cape outfit. “Obviously if we were playing Chiefs at home first then the playing strategy would be different than it will be now,” he said. “But I don't think that it should be much of a concern, we will have our plan for the two semifinal meetings.” Chiefs playing legend and assistant coach Donald “Ace” Khuse also shared the same sentiments while warning of conceding an away goal at home. “It's difficult to plan for the first one if you are at home because the travelling team might opt to be defensive while trying to get an away goal and then go for the kill in the second leg at home,” Khuse said. Sundowns coach Johan Neeskens said that it didn't matter who was drawn to play at home because all four teams are competitive since they finished in the top four at the end of last season's league campaign. They play defending champions Orlando Pirates with the latter playing at home in the first leg. “It really doesn't matter in my opinion because you still have to play the team twice. All four teams are very good.” Meanwhile, Stekelenburg also revealed that he was looking at signing Mbulelo Mabizela, who has impressed the Netherlands native in his one week trial at the Urban Warriors. Mabizela is a one-time Bafana Bafana captain whose talent and career has been riddled with off-the-field disciplinary problems. He was infamously kicked out by English Premiership side Tottenham Hotspur soon after scoring an impressive goal for the club because of ill discipline and was playing for Platinum Stars last season. “I would like for him to sign with us and with a young squad that we have, he will bring the needed experience to it,” Stekelenburg said. “Obviously that will depend on the club and how the personal terms negotiations go between the two of them but I have recommended him because he has impressed me.” – Sapa