Statistics show that not much progress is being made to advance women in the business sector, President Jacob Zuma said on Tuesday. “According to the 2011 Women in Corporate Leadership Census of the Business Women's Association, women hold only 4.4 percent of CEO or managing director positions, 5.3 percent of chairperson positions, and 15.8 percent of all directorships,” he said in an address for delivery at a women's day celebration in Limpopo. “The figures released by the Commission for Employment Equity last week on the current work force profile also reflected male dominance, especially white males. “The department for women, children and people with disabilities  is now developing legislation which should compel all parties to adhere to the principle of gender equality,” he said. The representation of women increased tenfold from 2.7 percent during apartheid to 27 percent after 1994, Zuma said. After the ANC took a decision on 50/50 gender parity at its Polokwane national conference in 2007, the representation of women in Parliament increased to 44 percent. However, women's representation in local government decreased from 40 to 38 percent in the 2011 local government elections. “We missed the opportunity at these elections to advance local government towards a 50/50 gender parity because some political parties did not feature an adequate number of women in their candidate lists for local government. “Our goal is to achieve the 50/50 gender parity by 2015 as required by the SADC Protocol on gender and development. This requires all political parties, including the opposition, to champion this cause,” Zuma said. He said 2011 was the year of economic transformation and job creation and government wanted to see a “visible change” for women from “all walks of life”. He encouraged women to enter industries considered to be traditionally male dominated - such as mining. “We are encouraged by the number of companies led by women that are increasingly applying and are being granted mining prospecting rights. “We are however concerned that the target of 10 percent for women participation in mining was not met, as the recent Mining Charter review has indicated. This means that more work must be done to open this sector for women,” he said. Zuma said the government was aware that women entrepreneurs remained on the periphery of the national economy. Their participation was low in this area because of poor access to business opportunities, information, financial markets and the knowledge of running a business. “There are a number of support programmes across government departments, designed to assist women to remedy these constraints. One of these is the promotion of co-operatives especially in rural areas to enable women to participate in the economy,” he said. “Co-operatives are also more stable than individual enterprises due to the risk-sharing between members. Co-operatives also offer prospects for growth.” Women would also benefit from the government's infrastructure programmes, Zuma said. He said women would also be supported in the  agriculture and science and technology sectors. South Africa on Tuesday commemorated the march of 1956 when women from across the racial spectrum protested against the carrying of pass books. The government's theme for Women's Day 2011  focuses on the economic empowerment of women. - Sapa